seventh
Why is Wang Shaofen's brother with you?
Of course, I bought it.
It cost me a lot of money
But what?
Recently, a lot of developers are competing to rush
Want this project
What do you mean?
I told you.
Today is a big gift for you.
After all, you and our knife
There is a slight misunderstanding
So I thought about it.
Decided to give you this land
I heard from my knife that he didn't hit anyone.
Ahahahaha, look at my memory
I remember now.
That kid is divided into knives, right?
He didn't hit anyone.
I accidentally fell this injury myself.
I told you
How could he hit people casually with our knife?
It looks like Mr. Gao is so eager to win
I will be the beauty of adulthood, Mr. Gao will make a price
This land is in the hands of the Sun family
If I want to bring it over, it's not appropriate to bleed
If you knew earlier, you would have offered a fair price.
You can buy the land from Wang Shaofu
Now it's done.
He also let Sun Ruoxu earn a price difference in vain
Ouch, I think Mr. Gao, you seem to be hesitating.
Or hey oh no
No, I want it.
You have the final say on the price.
Gao is always bright
You have a good rest first
I'll go first
Go slowly, okay?
Oh, by the way, Mr. Gao
You have to be calm.
The body heals quickly
Chen Xiaodao, wait for me
As long as you are in the ice one day I will kill you
Hey, Master Zhang Hao
I'm Myung Woo.
The murderer who broke one of your legs back then
I found it.
His name is Wang Shaofeng
Now on the waterfront
And the guarantee that Wang Shao
The one who was not punished
I also found it.
His name is Chen Xiaodao
Now people are also on the coast
What do you say I watch them
I'm going to Binhai now
If I don't kill them, I won't be surnamed Zhao
My eyes can see through